README.md, before:

# ncsd_python

Python modules to make your life easy while running `ncsd-it.exe`! Main script is `ncsd_multi.py`.
You feed it a list of parameters and a `mfdp.dat` file, and it'll run multiple ncsd jobs.

## Getting Started

`git clone` this, or if you're on Cedar you can find a clone in `exch`. `git pull origin master` to get the latest version. 

Then you'll need to open `ncsd_multi.py` and tell it where to find the executable `ncsd` file,
as well as interaction files.


```
    manual_params = MinParams(
        # paths
        mfdp_path = "/path/to/some/template/mfdp.dat",
        interactions_directory = "/path/to/interactions",
        ncsd_path = "/path/to/ncsd-it.exe",
        two_body_interaction = "TBMEA2srg-n3lo2.0_14.20_910",
        ...
    )
```

To do multiple runs, simply specify a variable as a list, e.g. `Z = [3,4,5]` will make 3 different runs.

Make sure that your variables are well paired if more than one is changing, runs are created by list index!

If you have variables that change, but less than others, keep in mind that lists are extended by copying their last entry,
not by some other method.

So if you have

`Z = [1,2]`
`N = [1,2,3]`
`Nhw = 1`

you'll get 3 runs, with parameters

`Z = [1,2,2]`
`N = [1,2,3]`
`Nhw = [1,1,1]`


Note: make sure to edit the 3-body parameters if `abs(interaction_type) == 3`.

### Prerequisites

Just Python (3.7.4 ideally, other versions may work), ncsd-it.exe, the other input files, and hopefully knowledge about what all the parameters do!

No other libraries or downloads or anything are needed.

Commit message:

now the script takes inputs from code rather than trying to copy from a mfdp file

README.md, after:

# ncsd_python

Python modules to make your life easy while running `ncsd-it.exe`!

Main script is `ncsd_multi.py`.
You feed it a list of parameters,
and it'll run multiple ncsd jobs for you.

## Getting Started

`git clone` this, or if you're on Cedar you can find a clone in `exch`.

`git pull origin master` to get the latest version. 

Then you'll need to open `ncsd_multi.py` and tell a bunch of parameters:


```
    manual_params = MinParams(
        # paths
        mfdp_path = "/path/to/some/template/mfdp.dat",
        interactions_directory = "/path/to/interactions",
        ncsd_path = "/path/to/ncsd-it.exe",
        two_body_interaction = "TBMEA2srg-n3lo2.0_14.20_910",
        ...
    )
```

There are other parameters which are set by default.

The defaults can be changed by going to the bottom of `data_structures.py`
and editing the inputs to `DefaultParamsObj`.


To do multiple runs, simply specify a variable as a list,
e.g. `Z = [3,4,5]` will make 3 different runs.

Make sure that your variables are well ordered if more than one is changing,
runs are created by list index!

If you have variables that change, but less than others,
keep in mind that lists are extended by copying their last entry.

So if you have

`Z = [1,2]`
`N = [1,2,3]`
`Nhw = 1`

you'll get 3 runs, with parameters

`Z = [1,2,2]`
`N = [1,2,3]`
`Nhw = [1,1,1]`


Note: make sure to edit the 3-body parameters if `abs(interaction_type) == 3`.

### Prerequisites

Just Python (3.7.4 ideally, other versions may work).

Also be sure the `templates` directory is present, the scripts need that.

No other libraries or downloads or anything are needed.
